IBX-6702: BasePriceStatsAggregation and CustomPriceStatsAggregation described (#2252)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/search/aggregation_reference/custompricestats_aggregation.md

# CustomPriceStatsAggregation

The CustomPriceStatsAggregation aggregates search results by the value of the custom product's price
and provides statistical information for the values. You can use the provided getters to access the values:

- sum (`getSum()`)
- count of values (`getCount()`)
- minimum value (`getMin()`)
- maximum value (`getMax()`)
- average (`getAvg()`)

## Arguments

- `name` - name of the Aggregation

> - `currencyCode` - currency code of the price

Reviewer: `Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Values\Product\Query\Aggregation\CustomPriceStatsAggregation` expects \Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Values\CurrencyInterface instance as second. arg

> - `customerGroup` - customer group that defines custom pricing

Reviewer: Please add information about default value (customer group assigned to current user)

> - `customerGroup` - customer group that defines custom pricing, by default it is the one assigned to current user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `\Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Values\CustomerGroupInterface|null` - customer group that defines custom pricing, by default it is the one assigned to current user
```

> - `name` - name of the Aggregation
> - `\Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Values\CurrencyInterface` - currency of the price
> - `\Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Values\CustomerGroupInterface|null` - customer group that defines custom pricing, by default it is the one assigned to current user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `name` (`string`) - name of the Aggregation
- `currency` (`\Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Values\CurrencyInterface`) - currency of the price
- `customerGroup` (`\Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Values\CustomerGroupInterface` or `null`) - customer group that defines custom pricing, by default it is the one assigned to current user
```

Reviewer 2: @adamwojs What do you think of those changes to not mix arguments names and arguments types?
